# HackUTD Spring 2021 Hackathon Submission
<h4>This repo consists of code for a website designed as part of the project.</h4>
<h3>City Emergency Relief</h3>
After experiencing the recent winter storm, we were all shocked by how much one emergency can impact someone's life. The power outages as a result from extreme weather left millions of Texans in misery as there were problems with wifi, water, and heaters. We wanted to bring awareness to this serious matter. We used it as our motivation to create an all-in-one solution to people's needs during such crises. Our inspiration was enlightened, especially after dealing with the consequences of being unprepared for such emergencies. We created an app to help people reach resources faster and easier, all through the click of a button. We also wanted to emphasize the importance of keeping nature clean, especially during these extreme climates.
After opening the app and logging in/creating an account, the app allows the user to go to the homepage. The homepage directs the user to shelters, grocery stores, warming centers, garbage tracking, hospitals, items needed and settings. The user can click on any of these options and be directed to a map with locations of these nearby services, their availability, and notifications and alerts on any updates to these resources. This allows our user to get notifications if supplies run out or updates on the next nearest grocery store. It shows capacities of hospitals as well as status' of warming stations. It is an all-in-one visit to find resources during emergencies. Our app also includes a very unique garbage tracking element. As garbage trucks may stop due to inclement weather, it is important for people to dispose their trash safely and cleanly. The map pulls up trash bins nearby, depending on the type of the trash. Even better, for college students, they can earn points on their university ID card by scanning their trash and disposing trash at the designated locations. This helps keep the environment clean, especially during these harsh crises. It reduces litter and keeps surroundings neat.
